# Introduction
This repository contains projects that were automatically generated by the Figma plugins Anima and Locofy for design-to-code conversion from this [Figma-File](https://www.figma.com/design/eneWbDoWazz3v7rVuyQkGF/Konzeption?node-id=2753-1839&t=ENwevxoKwnUp0YZs-1). These projects were analysed in terms of their code quality as part of the master's thesis "Figma to React. Eine Analyse der Codequalität von KI-gestützten Design-to-Code-Tools" by Nora Riglthaler, BSc at the Fachhochschule St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences.


# Get the projects up and running
In order to run the development version of the projects, the dependencies must first be installed:

    npm run install

To run the development version of the projects, following commands must be executed: 

 - Anima: `npm run dev`
 - Locofy: `npm run start`

More information can be found in the README.md files for each project (Anima/README.md and Locofy/README.md).

# Use the custom ESLint and ESLint Stylistic rules
For the quality analysis in this Master's thesis, custom ESLint and ESLint Stylistic rules were generated using ChatGPT-4o (Source: https://chatgpt.com/). These can be found in the "custom-rules" folder within both projects.

To run the custom ESLint rules, the following command must be executed in the terminal:

    npm run lint

Alongside the custom ESLint Stylistic rule, an evaluation script (analyse-duplicates.mjs) was created.
To use the rule and script, run the following commands in the terminal:

## macOS / Linux (bash, zsh):

 1.  `cat src/**/*.css > .temp-all.css`
 2. `npx stylelint ".temp-all.css" --formatter json --output-file lint-report.json`
 3. `node analyse-duplicates.mjs`   

## Windows PowerShell    

 1. `Get-ChildItem -Recurse -Include *.css -Path src | Get-Content | Out-File .temp-all.css -Encoding utf8`
 2. `npx stylelint ".temp-all.css" --formatter json --output-file lint-report.json`
 3. `node analyse-duplicates.mjs`

# Generate a dependency graph with madge
To generate an SVG file of the module dependencies, the following must be run in each project:

    madge --image graph.svg --exclude '\.css$' ./src/App.tsx 

# Project analysis with SonarQube
In order to analyse the projects with SonarQube, a docker-compose.yml file was generated using ChatGPT-4o (Source: https://chatgpt.com/).

To use this, first install Docker Desktop (https://www.docker.com/get-started/).

Once everything is set up and Docker Desktop is running, the following command must be executed to start the Docker container:

    docker compose up   

Next, open the URL in Docker Desktop. When prompted, log in using the username **admin** and the password **admin**.

After resetting the password, you can choose from six different ways to create the SonarQube project. In this case, select **Manually**, where a name must be assigned to the project.

Then, select the type of repository analysis required. In this case, choose **Locally**.

After creating the token, select **Other** when asked what option best describes your build. 

Finally, select the OS and follow the provided instructions. Once completed, the SonarQube interface will open.
